docs: added examples for setup and teardown apis (#387)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/api/index.md

  })
  ```

  Here, the `beforeEach` ensures that user is added for each test.

### afterEach

- **Type:** `afterEach(fn: () => Awaitable<void>, timeout?: number)`

  Register a callback to be called after each one of the tests in the current context completes. 
  If the function returns a promise, Vitest waits until the promise resolve before continuing.

  Optionally, you can a timeout (in milliseconds) for specifying how long to wait before terminating. The default is 5 seconds.

  ```ts
  import { afterEach } from 'vitest'

  afterEach(async () => {
    await clearTestingData() // clear testing data after each test run
  })
  ```
  Here, the `afterEach` ensures that testing data is cleared after each test runs.

### beforeAll

- **Type:** `beforeAll(fn: () => Awaitable<void>, timeout?: number)`

  Register a callback to be called once before starting to run all tests in the current context. 
  If the function returns a promise, Vitest waits until the promise resolve before running tests.

  Optionally, you can provide a timeout (in milliseconds) for specifying how long to wait before terminating. The default is 5 seconds.

  ```ts
  import { beforeAll } from 'vitest'

>   beforeAll(() => {
>     startMocking() // called once before all tests run
>   })
> 
>   // Hook accepting a timeout
>   beforeAll(() => { }, 1000)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  beforeAll(async () => {
    await startMocking() // called once before all tests run
  })
```

  ```

  Here the `beforeAll` ensures that the mock data is set up before tests run

### afterAll

- **Type:** `afterAll(fn: () => Awaitable<void>, timeout?: number)`

  Register a callback to be called once after all tests have run in the current context.
  If the function returns a promise, Vitest waits until the promise resolve before continuing.

  Optionally, you can provide a timeout (in milliseconds) for specifying how long to wait before terminating. The default is 5 seconds.

  ```ts
  import { afterAll } from 'vitest'

>   afterAll(() => {
>     stopMocking() // this method is called after all tests run
>   })
> 
>   // Hook accepting a timeout
>   afterAll(() => { }, 1000)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  afterAll(async () => {
    await stopMocking() // this method is called after all tests run
  })
```

### beforeEach

- **Type:** `beforeEach(fn: () => Awaitable<void>, timeout?: number)`

  Register a callback to be called before each of the tests in the current context runs.
  If the function returns a promise, Vitest waits until the promise resolve before running the test.

  Optionally, you can pass a timeout (in milliseconds) defining how long to wait before terminating. The default is 5 seconds.

  ```ts
  import { beforeEach } from 'vitest'

  beforeEach(async () => {
    // Clear mocks and add some testing data after before each test run
    await stopMocking()
    await addUser({ name: 'John'})
  })
  ```

  Here, the `beforeEach` ensures that user is added for each test.

### afterEach

- **Type:** `afterEach(fn: () => Awaitable<void>, timeout?: number)`

  Register a callback to be called after each one of the tests in the current context completes. 
  If the function returns a promise, Vitest waits until the promise resolve before continuing.

  Optionally, you can a timeout (in milliseconds) for specifying how long to wait before terminating. The default is 5 seconds.

  ```ts
  import { afterEach } from 'vitest'

>   afterEach(() => {
>     clearTestingData() // clear testing data after each test run
>   })
> 
>   // Hook accepting a timeout
>   afterEach(() => { }, 1000)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  afterEach(async () => {
    await clearTestingData() // clear testing data after each test run
  })
```

## Setup and Teardown

These functions allows you to hook into the life cycle of tests to avoid repeating setup and teardown code. They apply to the current context: the file if they are used at the top-level or the current suite if they are inside a `describe` block.

### beforeEach

- **Type:** `beforeEach(fn: () => Awaitable<void>, timeout?: number)`

  Register a callback to be called before each of the tests in the current context runs.
  If the function returns a promise, Vitest waits until the promise resolve before running the test.

>   Optionally, you can a timeout (in milliseconds) for specifying how long to wait before terminating. The default is 5 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Optionally, you can pass a timeout (in milliseconds) defining how long to wait before terminating. The default is 5 seconds.
```

  ```ts

>   import { beforeEach } from 'vitest'
> 
>   beforeEach(() => {
>     // Clear mocks and add some testing data after before each test run
>     stopMocking().then(() => {
>       addUser({ name: 'Patak '})
>     })
>   })
> 
>   // Hook accepting a timeout
>   beforeEach(() => { }, 1000)

Reviewer: I think we should only include an `async` hook directly, and avoid the second with the timeout (it should be clear from the signature already). And let's use a generic name for the user. Same for other examples
```suggestion
  import { beforeEach } from 'vitest'

  beforeEach(async () => {
    // Clear mocks and add some testing data after before each test run
    await stopMocking()
    addUser({ name: 'John'})
  })
```

Author: yeah. This makes more sense

Register a callback to be called before each test in the current context.

**Type:** `beforeEach(fn: () => Awaitable<void>, timeout?: number)`

```ts
import { beforeEach } from 'vitest'

> let count = 0 // total number of tests.

Reviewer: We should remove the dots in all. Maybe the beforeEach example could be reworked to show something different.

Author: @patak-dev okay. I'll update that now

Author: @patak-dev checkout the new beforeEach example
